RJS-2764: Replacing "object" overload on `Realm.setLogLevel` with a second optional `category` argument (#6580)
realm/realm-js: CHANGELOG.md

* Improved performance of RQL queries on a non-linked string property using `>`, `>=`, `<`, `<=` operators and fixed behavior that a null string should be evaluated as less than everything, previously nulls were not matched. ([realm/realm-core#3939](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/3939))
* Added support for using aggregate operations on Mixed properties in queries. ([realm/realm-core#7398](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/7398))
* Improved file compaction performance on platforms with page sizes greater than 4k (for example arm64 Apple platforms) for files less than 256 pages in size. ([realm/realm-core#7492](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/7492))

> * Added the ability to pass a category as the second argument to `setLogLevel`. ([#6560](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/issues/6560))

Reviewer: Adding a bit more context here 👍 Feel free to reformulate.
```suggestion
* Added the ability to set the log level for one or more categories via `setLogLevel`. ([#6560](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/issues/6560))
```

Could perhaps add an example after as well:
```javascript
Realm.setLogLevel("info", "Realm.Storage");
```
